Hello Guys My name is Biruk Abebaw and i am from Ethiopia Africa. I was born and raised in

Ethiopia which is the most beautiful and great country in Africa. When i see a movie with

hackers and it experts in it I would love the whole movie even if the story isn't good. and

don't call me crazy its just i would like to be a computer programmer one day. It started

since i was a child i wore a fake glass and act like a programmer in front of my friends and

not only to make them lough it's also because it makes me feel good about my self and gives me

a little hope.. I know you are thinking that i am being crazy but that's the truth. Sorry for

the boring childhood story now let's get down to business. I found this website in you tube

when i was looking for scholarships in Europe and decided to try it. Not to brag about myself

but i am an excellent learner at new things , i am not saying i know everything because i am

not albert Einstein but it takes me short time to be an expert to new things . and i am also a

great work person, i am willing to do anything as long as its a job and i am willing to learn

anything as long as it is useful , i have a good communication skill when it comes to

classmates and also co workers the people that i am learning with right now they all love me

and treats me good because i am funny and a little bit smart which is a good character for

anyone, as i told you i am interested in computer science or software engineering but if there

is another discipline i would gladly take anything right now. As you probably know in Africa

Ethiopia life is really hard there isn't enough education access, there is no job to do it for

a living , even getting the basic needs like food, shelter and cloth is being really hard this

days because of the inside conflict that's happening right now our life is pretty much on the

red line as well. and since i know the hard part of life you can guess i will do anything to

get out of this life and learn outside of Ethiopia and be a good worker and also get paid

really well. right now i don't have any money to pay for my fees but if i can get a full

scholarship even its only paid at first and i have to pay it back i would gladly take it

because i know i will work hard while i am learning and pay it right away . and if a get the

full scholarship there might be a person in that country that will help me in somethings if

its necessary even contacting with the university/college itself and get the required

documents get done. now let's talk about my passion to be a computer programmer aside my silly

childhood story :) I am currently studying computer science in my country at Debre Berhan

University its been 2 years now. But to be honest the course that the university gives is not

enough to work international works its not even enough to work in my local country . So i

decided to look for international Universities and study my favorite and passion discipline

which is computer related things and as i said it many times in this statement i loooveeeee

being a programmer since the world is coming to an easy and efficient technologies i don't

want to be just the user i want to be the programmer that makes the whole applications and

websites and new technologies . I have really great ideas for applications since i think about

being a programmer for a long time and i really want to work all of them but first of course i

have to learn more to do that . So to conclude my statement I really need to get full

scholarships with no need to pay fees or loan for sometime and i really have to learn

computers if possible if not anything is good for me i would gladly take the opportunity .

Since i have Education story for almost 14 years since grade 1 up-to grade 12 and 2 years in

the university there wouldn't be any problem on the learning process and also getting friendly

with all the new peoples . So the University/College that accepts me won't regret it . Thanks

for your time and hope to get accepted.